not be scattered over the face of the whole earth.
But the Lord came down to see the city and the tower that the men were building.
The Lord said, if as one people speaking the same language, they have begun to do this, then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them.
Come, let us go down and confuse our language so that they will not understand each other.
So the Lord scattered them from there over all the earth, and they stopped building the city.
That is why it was called Babel, because there the Lord confused the language of the whole world.
From there the Lord scattered them over the face of the whole earth.
Thank you, Stan.
Before I look into today's message, I'd like to introduce that new family I mentioned earlier.
This is Danny and his wife, Kathy, right over there.
And they're four children.
The youngest one just went to Children's Church.
So good to have you all with us.
And let's give them a hand.
We give all first time guests, one of our Canvas bag, and it has some treats in it.
But it has a registration card.
We fill that out and drop in the offering later.
We'd appreciate it.
OK?
If you have your sermon outlines, go ahead and take that out.
And again, if you've been here the last couple of Sundays, you know, I kept postponing this message, which was supposed to be given two weeks ago.
Two weeks ago, I was really sick, so I had a guest speaker.
Last Sunday, my brain was really fried from dealing with some things that were happening, some urgent needs I had to take care of.
So anyway, I promise I'd do it today and hopefully we'll make it through today.
Maybe a shorter sermon because of the communion.
But again, if you have your swimmer outline, something to write with to fill in the blanks, as we go along, that'd be great.
Usually when we think of the whole concept of unity among people, we think of it as in positive terms.
It's a good thing when people get together and are united.
However, this is an example in the Old Testament where the people who were alive at the time
All got together, but unfortunately, this was a negative example of unity.
And the reason why it was negative was because of the purpose and the reason they were gathering together.
It was basically an opposition of God and God's word.
And whenever that happens, unfortunately, it still happens today in smaller ways, even among so-called Christians.
And when that happens, we need to have the discernment in the God's wisdom and understanding that that is not a good thing.
and basically don't be involved in it.
But we're going to look at this this morning.
Many of us have heard the story before, Tower of Babel, and how God confused their language up to this time.
They all had the same language.
Remember, Noah and the Flood, God judged the entire world because of all the sin and wickedness.
Just Noah and his wife, three sons, their wives survived in the ark.
and they were repopulating the earth and God told them, commanded them to spread through and populate the whole world.
But they, for whatever reason, after a number of generations, the people totally ignored what God was saying and had their own plans.
And this is what we see here in Genesis chapter 11.
The first blank to fill in is what I just mentioned, the God's command to populate the earth.
God had actually given that command to Adam and Eve back in the Garden of Eden in Genesis chapter 1, verse 28, and then again to know in his family after the flood in Genesis chapter 9.
But it's unfortunate that again after a number of generations, these people again had straight away from following God and were in total opposition to God and His Word.
So number two in your outline, people they choose to make their own plan
and a name for themselves.
That's the blank to fill in, for themselves.
Instead of living for the name of God and to honor Him, they were determined to basically do their own thing.
They understood God told them to spread out, populate the earth.
They said, now we're not going to do that.
We're going to gather together in this area that God called Babel, but actually many scholars believe that really this area is ancient Babylon.
The many of you have heard of that term Babylon, and as a matter of fact, in the Bible, it became almost a synonym, sort of a catchphrase for a place of evil.
And it's kind of like, you know, many of you have heard, if you've been around for years, you know, that my wife and I, many times we go on vacation to Las Vegas.
And I also feel like I have to give an explanation to people, as a minister, when I say, you know, we're going on vacation to Vegas for a week or two, whatever, and people, it's kind of like a razor eyebrows, I'll be like,
Okay, the minister is going to Vegas.
He likes to go to Vegas a lot.
Why?
Because Vegas is known as what?
What's the nickname for Las Vegas?
The Sin City, all right?
The Sin City.
Yeah, the good choice, Pachalois.
Anyway, the reason why we go there is because there's very cheap housing, always available year round.
There's millions of time shares in the hotel rooms, wherever you can find great deals just about anytime.
But there are also some beautiful, natural
parks nearby.
Some of you have been to Red Rock, which is only a 20-minute drive west of Vegas, as well as Valley of Fire, which is a state park about an hour drive northeast of Vegas.
And we like to hike, and we do go to the casinos once in a while, have a buffet, whatever, but Las Vegas is known as the Sin City.
Well, if they're known as the Sin City, because in Nevada, I think everybody's aware, it's not only legal for gambling, but prostitution is legal in Nevada.
And you know, it's kind of weird.
You think you're 50 states one state actually has legal prostitution.
That's Nevada.
So Vegas is known as the Sin City.
Well, believe me, Las Vegas is nothing compared to what ancient Babylon became.
Ancient Babylon became known as, as I said, the Bible used it as a reference to a place of evil.
That's how bad it really became.
The word Babylon actually
It literally was meant to convey the gateway to God.
And this kind of conveys the mentality of these people that wanted to build a tower into the heavens.
They wanted to make a name for themselves.
They basically said, not only do we not need God, not only do we not want to obey God, we're going to be like God ourselves.
And so that's why Babylon, the very name of the ancient city of Babylon,
literally met the gateway to heaven.
They're going to build this tower right into heaven.
So as I said before, unity among people is generally a good thing but really depends and what we have to discern is what is the nature and what is the purpose of that unity.
And we're going to see in just a moment the God is the one who brings about real genuine unity that lasts forever.
And that is through a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
This is what God has established in the church.
The universal church ever since Jesus came was crucified, was raised from the dead.
He establishes the spiritual entity called the church.
Every single man, woman and child for the last 2000 years that has come to faith in Jesus Christ is automatically spiritually joined to this entity called the church, capital C.
Now some people get confused in the New Testament when it refers to the church, capital C, that's the universal church.
Every believer in the entire world ever since Jesus was resurrected to the time he comes back.
That's the church, universal church, capital C. Church small literacy, lowercase C, is a local church.
Kind of like Chinese community churches, one of thousands of local churches.
where real believers assemble, but we don't know if everybody that comes to Chinese Community Church or any local church is really a believer.
That's between them and God.
Some people come to church for all kinds of other reasons.
And there are many so called Christian churches because the things that they maybe believe and the things they teach and the things they propagate are totally contrary to the Bible.
There are so-called Christian churches that do not even believe the Bible is the Word of God.
They don't even believe God is the only God of the universe.
They don't believe that Jesus is the only way for salvation.
And these are the core beliefs of what we call evangelical Christians.
Evangelical Christians have a certain core of beliefs about God, about the Bible, and about the Christian faith.
Those are the kinds of Christians that we want to have
unity with because that's the unity that God has created.
It's tempting, you know, even among Christians, even among those of us who are ministers, to want to make a name for ourselves sometimes more than living and serving the name of Jesus Christ.
That is human nature, and we all have to struggle with it.
I was involved in some of you may remember I mentioned this before, I had the opportunity of being involved in gathering
Asian-American leaders from all over the country for a very special conference back in 2004 and in 2008, down in Southern California.
Over 400 Asian-American leaders came from all over the country, even a few from Hawaii, you know, together, because it had never happened before to have Asian-American pastors and church leaders and Christian leaders from all over the country gather for a three-day conference.
And I have the privilege of being sort of the one who helped facilitate all of that.
And it was such a blessing.
And during the conference, the three-day conference, I was kind of more low-key in serving the background most of the time.
And that was fine with me.
But years later, I was at another church meeting with some Asian-American leaders.
And I was in an elevator going up in this hotel.
And I heard two pastors who didn't really know me.
And I heard them discussing this wonderful conference they had attended in Los Angeles back in 2004.
And I was behind him, and they didn't know me, and I was really tempted to sort of just tap them on the show and say, oh yeah, that was a really good conference, wasn't it?
I'm the one who kind of put it all together.
Just by the way, I mean, just to see you know.
That was really tempting.
I got a myth.
In the flesh, you know, it's like, yeah, you know, God used me for this, but hey, you know, they should know.
They should know that they're standing in the elevator, the person who killed them.
For what reason?
For what possible purpose would that serve for the glory of God and for the purposes of God?
How would that be important that they know that I had something to do with it?
Absolutely nothing.
Really, nothing.
It was tempting.
And thank God, He gave me enough self-control and insight to realize, don't say anything, Lewis.
You don't have to say anything to these people.
Just be blessed that they had a great time, that it was encouraging to them, and thank God for it.
because that's really important.
And by the way, some of you know, I've been here at the church for over nine years.
You may also know that we're putting together a search committee because I'm 64 this summer and it's time for the church to go through the transition of finding a new pastor.
Well, I'll tell you, it was kind of funny because a couple of years ago somebody showed me a list of all the past ministers of this church, just church is what, over 95 years old.
And it was a complete list of all the previous ministers and how many years they had served.
Okay, here's another temptation.
I'm looking at the list, and I'm trying to count out how many years each person had served, and I'm looking at thinking, you know, if I can last maybe another year or two, I'll have the longest term of service here at Chinese communities.
And then I thought, stupid!
Who cares?
Who cares how long you've been here?
Are you even a pastor here?
You see, ultimately, and I know we're humanly speaking,
It always feels good to be remembered and to be appreciated.
And I certainly appreciate all of the appreciation that you have shown as a church family over the years.
Really.
I mean, this church family is just off the charts in terms of a church that is really grateful and shows their appreciation in so many tangible ways.
I am so blessed by that.
But you know, quite frankly, if I'm really focused on what God has for me as a minister,
And this is something that all of us need to have a focus as a child of God, someone who has a personal relationship with God through faith in Jesus Christ.
You know the only thing that really matters?
It doesn't matter if anybody knows us or our name or even our church name.
All that matters is that people would somehow be joined close and just drawn closer to who Jesus Christ is.
And that they would exalt him in every aspect of their being.
If they forget our names or the name of our church or the name of our denominator, those things don't even matter.
They really don't.
All that matters is that we live for the name of Jesus Christ.
He is the king of kings, the Lord of lords.
He's the almighty creator of the universe.
And he's the one that gets all the glory in the eye.
Remember, in the New Testament, God tells us that someday, someday in the future, every knee shall bow and every tongue confess.
Doesn't matter if you're an atheist or whatever, God says someday every knee is going to bow, every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
We have the privilege of doing that now.
We don't have to wait until we're forced to do it by God someday in judgment.
Now we can do it willfully now.
We can choose to acknowledge and to worship and to serve and to live for the Almighty God of the universe.
We have that opportunity and that privilege, as I explained last week.
God has this great news for us.
In a moment, we'll celebrate what Jesus did for us through the memorial that's called Communion, the Lord's Table.
It reminds us of what Jesus did for us.
The Son of God died for our sin.
He rose from the dead.
He's alive today.
And all we need to do to become a believer, to become a child of God, is to put our faith and trust in Jesus Christ.
To trust that He is God's Son, He died for my sin, He rose from the dead.
That's all is required to become a Christian and to have eternal life.
God makes it so easy.
And I don't know, it's unfortunate.
So many people have made it so much more complicated and added all kinds of things.
You know, yeah, you got to believe in Jesus, but you also have to do this, this, this, no!
God says it's simple faith and trust.
Ephesians chapter 2, for by grace are you saved through faith.
None of yourselves, it is a gift of God, not of works, lest any man boast.
If we had to do anything to add to our salvation, be a good person, come to church, read your Bible, you know, do all this.
If you had to do anything,
Then if you did it and then you went to heaven, you could sort a brag about it and say, well, I'm going to heaven and then this person is not because I was a good person.
I had nothing to do with it.
And I realized some Christians are very confused by this.
They say, well, it doesn't matter if you're a good person or not.
Of course, it's better to be a good person even if you're not a believer.
But that's not going to get you to heaven.
The only way we get to heaven is, number one, if you're absolutely perfect.
If you were exactly like Jesus Christ every moment of every day for your entire life, you get to heaven because you have never sinned.
But that would be contrary to what the Bible says.
The Bible says all have sinned.
We all fall short of the glory of God.
The wages of sin is death.
But the free gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Simple faith and trust in Him.
And so when we take communion,
Usually every month when we take communion, I always try to just prepare everybody by reminding everyone, first of all, what the elements represent, the bread and the juice.
They represent the body and the blood of Jesus Christ.
And why do we partake of these things?
Because Jesus, he's the one who set up this whole memorial.
He wanted his followers to remember in a very tangible way the spiritual realities that he died for our sin.
He made this incredible sacrifice.
God sent His only Son to become the Lamb of God.
All the thousands and hundreds of thousands of animals that were slaughtered in the Old Testament by the Jewish people.
Those were all symbols looking forward to the cross when Jesus Christ would be the Lamb of God.
Now believers, the last 2000 years, when we take communion in the Lord's table, we look back to the cross.
All of human history.
revolves around the cross of Jesus Christ.
Look forward to the Old Testament.
New Testament looks back to the cross of Jesus Christ.
So the Tower of Babel, these people decided they were going to make a name for themselves.
They're going to ignore God as word.
And as I said earlier, God's the one who establishes real unity.
And by the way, when God judges the people, when he confused their languages, so they dispersed, and now they started to populate the earth.
Now they're going to fulfill.
what God intended them to do in the first place.
That's just a reminder that God is sovereign.
Meaning even if people want to disobey God, He is going to accomplish His purposes one way or the other.
Either we can cooperate and we can obey by faith and we can accomplish God's purposes, or God is going to bring judgment and discipline and He will accomplish His purposes.
He wanted the earth populated, it gets populated.
Not because people obeyed Him,
Listen to him, but through God's judgment, he brings confusion into their languages.
Some of you are familiar with a Christian ministry called Wycliffe Bible Translators.
They've been around quite a while.
Their whole goal and mission is to bring the Word of God into every known human language around the world.
And my wife and I have had the privilege of supporting some missionary friends with Wycliffe for over 40 years.
We met them when we were in Bible College in seminary in Dallas, Texas, and we've been supporting them ever since.
You know how many, I just saw the newsletter recently, and they're trying to log and just count how many known human languages are out there in the world today.
You know, everybody want to guess, you know, there's over 7,000 human languages now is how many of them have even a portion of the word of God, say the gospel of John even, not even half.
So, I mean, there's so much work to be done because, you know, obviously we believe the word of God, the Bible,
is so essential to people to come to know God and to grow in their personal faith with Jesus Christ.
So God brought the judgment of the Tower of Babel.
It disperses them.
They start populating the earth because that was God's sovereign purpose in the first place.
The last point of your outline, God's judgment and eventual plan for unity among people, Genesis chapter 11, again, as I said, he disperses them.
But in Galatians chapter three, if we could bring that up real quick, please.
Galatians chapter three, verses 26 to 28.
Here's what it talks about, the unity, and by the way, if you've been around here a while, you know that many times I've mentioned, one of many blessings that I've experienced here at the church is the unity that we have, especially among the church leadership.
If you haven't been to a lot of other churches, you perhaps are unaware
that that is one of the number one problems that churches in America experience.
A lack of unity among leadership, whether it's the pastors or the lay leaders or all of them together when they have a church board, among ministers, when they talk about their board meetings, it's usually like a nightmare.
They're usually talking about horrible, horrible conflicts that they experience in their board meetings.
And I'm sitting there for the last nine years, every time I'm with these fellowship meetings, and I've learned to sort of tone down my enthusiasm and my bubbly expression, because it sort of discourages some of my Christian ministry friends.
Because I tell them, man, you're not gonna believe that the last years I've been here at Christ's University, we have these lay leaders and we work together, we actually enjoy our board meetings.
Look at me like,
You enjoy them?
I mean, you know, to endure them would, for many of them, that would be a blessing, just to be able to endure it.
I said, no, no, we laugh, we have a great time.
We just have this amazing spirit of unity and harmony.
And it's like, wow, you know, it is such a blessing.
God has blessed this church with an amazing group of lay leaders and how we can serve together.
And then the congregation as a whole, how we serve together like a family.
And we know that families have their struggles sometimes.
But the last nine plus years I've been here, this church family in terms of the spirit of unity as we live and serve and try to honor our God has just been amazing and such a blessing.
But Galatians chapter three, thanks for bringing up Josh.
Verse 26, you are all sons of God, how through faith in Christ Jesus.
Verse 27, for all of you,
who were baptized in the Christ.
That's what happens when you put your faith and trust in Christ.
The Holy Spirit baptized us into the body of Christ, even though we may not be aware of it.
We learn it by later.
We're baptized in the Christ of clothe yourselves with Christ.
Again, it's all about our relationship to Jesus Christ.
Verse 28, there is neither Jude or Greek, slave nor free, male nor female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
That almost understands.
Some people have looked at that verse and they said, see?
We shouldn't even talk about the fact that we have different races, or different ethnic groups, or different cultures, or that we have male and female.
Because look at that verse.
It says, no, it doesn't mean it's done away with.
It means that with all these human distinctions, there is this new sense of unity and harmony in the body of Christ when we are joined together because of our faith in Jesus Christ.
And that is one of the most amazing testimonies
about the reality of who God is and what Jesus Christ can do among people.
It is when there is unity and harmony among a lot of different people who are from many different backgrounds.
And, you know, our Tuesday night men's lives tonight, I mentioned that before, God has brought different brothers in Christ from other churches that don't have a men's group, and our Tuesday night men's group is very diverse racially.
Even though it's a relatively small group, anywhere from six to eight to 12, whatever, almost every week,
We have three or four of all the major racial groups in our nation represented.
We have Asians, we have Caucasians, we have African-American, we have Hispanic, and it's just an amazing diversity that we experience as men.
If you're one of the men here and you've never come to one of our Tuesday night men's vibes, I encourage you to check it out.
Everybody's welcome seven o'clock to eight thirty.
Great type of fellowship.
But this is the kind of unity that God has created.
God's the one who creates it.
We don't create the unity.
We only preserve it and maintain it.
It's our job to preserve the unity that God has created.
But we of all the distinctions, and again, our church board, brothers and sisters serving together, again, having that kind of unity that God has created that honors him, that is a testimony to the world around us.
Okay?
So the blanks again, number one, God's command to populate the earth who was ignored, disobeyed by these people.
They wanted to build a tower, make a name for themselves.
God brings judgment, confuses their language, disperses them all over the earth as he had wanted them to do in the first place.
So God's judgment and eventual plan for unity among people is accomplished.
All right?
We're going to transition into preparing for communion in just a moment.
You generally read a couple of verses from 1 Corinthians chapter 11.
And just a reminder again, as I mentioned earlier, what is communion?
It is a practice that Jesus established to his disciples to remember.
The whole focus of communion is to remember, to remember, to remember what?
To remember Jesus Christ is God's Son.
He died for our sin.
He rose from the dead.
And so we practice a Chinese community church here at our church.
We practice what's called open communion, which means you don't have to be a member of this church.
You don't even have to be a regular tender of this church.
If you know Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and savior, we invite you to partake of the elements with us.
If you're sitting here today and you're not sure if you have a personal relationship with Christ, then when we need to have a moment of prayer in just a moment, you can actually become a Christian
even during that little prayer time.
All you gotta do is say, God, I wanna know you.
I wanna have a personal relationship with you.
I wanna trust in your son, Jesus Christ.
And I believe that Jesus died from my sin and that he rose from the dead.
And when you pray that little prayer to God, that's what it means to become a Christian.
That's all that you need to do.
And then when you partake of the elements, you'll be remembering, perhaps for the very first time, all that Jesus has done for us.
If you're not ready yet to become a Christian, that's okay.
Just stay seated.
Nobody's looking around, whatever.
This is just for those who have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ and are walking in fellowship with Him today.
Okay, let me read a couple of these verses and then we'll pray.
And then when the music starts, what we ask people to do is come out of their pews and form two lines here in the center aisle.
Each line leads to one of these two tables.
And when you come to the table, just pause either as individuals or as a little family, whatever you'd like to do, take a piece of the bread, dip it carefully into the juice, and just partake right up here at the table.
And then when you're done, return to your seats using the outer aisles.
Let me just read 1 Corinthians 11 for all of us in verse 23.
The Apostle Paul says, for I received from the Lord
what I also passed on to you.
The Lord Jesus on the night he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, this is my body, which is for you.
Do this in remembrance of me.
In the same way after supper, he took the cup saying, this cup is the new covenant in my blood.
Do this whenever you drink it in remembrance of me.
For whenever you eat this bread and drink this cup, you proclaim the Lord's death.
until he comes.
So again, just take a little piece of the bread, dip it into the juice, and partake of it right up here at the table.
Take your time.
We got plenty of time.
No big rush.
But let's go ahead and have a word of prayer.
And as I said, if you're here today and you're not sure if you have a personal relationship with Christ, you can pray to receive Jesus Christ right now during my prayer.
No fancy words.
God knows our hearts.
Just tell God you trust in his son, Jesus, as my personal Lord and Savior.
You believe that he died for your sin, and he rose from the dead.
That's all that you need to do to become a Christian.
Okay, so let's pray together.
All heads bowed, eyes closed.
Okay, let's pray together.
Our Father God, thanks so much for who you are.
You are the great God of the universe who created everything that exists, including every one of us here today.
Father, you love us so much that you sent your only son, Jesus, to die for us.
He died for all of our sin, and then he rose from the dead.
And you offer this amazing gift to every single man, woman, and child to simply receive that gift by faith, to trust that Jesus is your son, that he died for our sin, and he rose from the dead.
And Father, if there's somebody here today who has never prayed that prayer before, I pray that that would be the expression, that would be their hard cry to you right now.
And perhaps they'll come to know you for the very first time as Lord and Savior.
and that they can come up and rejoice with the rest of us in remembering all that Jesus has done for us by partaking of the communion elements.
As a follower, we thank you again for every person who's here today, and we do thank you for communion because it is a very special time, a significant time for us to remember, reflect, and appreciate all that Jesus has done for us.
As a follower, we commit this time to you now in Jesus' name.
Amen.